README.md, before:

# Pixel-Adventure-1
This is my attempt to create (or recreate) a simple 2D platformer game using Godot and GDScript.

# Game Design Document (GDD)

---

## 1. Game Title
Pixel Adventure Part 1

---

## 2. Game Overview
It's a really simple 2D platformer game that you just play for some fun. Whether you are in a train or waiting for your friend at the coffee shop this game have your back.

---

## 3. Game Genre
Platformer

---

## 4. Target Audience
Casual gamers aged 10-25 who enjoy fun and easy-to-pick-up games.

---

## 5. Core Gameplay Mechanics
- **Mechanic 1**:
  - Use the following buttons to play the game:
	- **Arrow up:** To make the player jump and press twice for double jump.
	- **Arrow left:** To move the player at the left direction.
	- **Arrow right:** To move the player at the right direction
- **Mechanic 2**: ...

---

## 6. Visual Style
Pixel art with cute looking character skins and fruits. 

---

## 7. Level Design
The difficulty of the level will get tough incrementally.
- **Level 1**: ...
- **Level 2**: ...

---

## 8. Sound and Music
*What kind of sound effects and music will you use?*  
**Example**: “Cheerful background music and sound effects for flapping and collecting stars.”  

---

## 9. Assets and Resources
- **Asset Pack**: Pixel Adventure
- **Author**: [Pixel Frog on itch.io](https://itch.io/profile/pixelfrog-assets)

---

## 10. Technologies Used
- **Game Engine**: [Godot](https://godotengine.org/)
- **Programming Language**: GDScript  
- **Sound Editing**: Audacity (for sound effects and music)

---

## 11. Development Timeline
- **Week 1 [Sep 29, 2024 – Oct 05, 2024]**:
	- This week I'll try to break down this entire project into reusable scenes and nodes. I'll focus on minimum stuff without increasing unnecessary complexity in the beginning of this project.
	- **[Sep 30, 2024]:** I have created a skin manager node which will manage all the player's skin and animations and a basic player node.
	- **[Oct 01, 2024]:** I had worked on fruit collectables and added a functionality that will generate random skin for the player every time the user restarts the game.
	- **[Oct 02, 2024]:** I worked on a simple 2D particle system for boxes and some collision related stuff.
- **Week 2**: ...

---

## 12. Goals and Features
*Define what you want to achieve with this game.*  
- **Goal 1**: Create a fun gameplay experience.  
- **Goal 2**: Implement a scoring system for collecting stars.  

---

## 13. Future Improvements
*List potential features or improvements for future updates or projects.*  
**Example**: “Add more levels, introduce power-ups, or create a multiplayer mode.”

Commit message:

several updates across different scripts

README.md, after:

# Pixel-Adventure-1
This is my attempt to create (or recreate) a simple 2D platformer game using Godot and GDScript.

# Game Design Document (GDD)

---

## 1. Game Title
Pixel Adventure Part 1

---

## 2. Game Overview
It's a really simple 2D platformer game that you just play for some fun. Whether you are in a train or waiting for your friend at the coffee shop this game have your back.

---

## 3. Game Genre
Platformer

---

## 4. Target Audience
Casual gamers aged 10-25 who enjoy fun and easy-to-pick-up games.

---

## 5. Core Gameplay Mechanics
- **Mechanic 1**:
  - Use the following buttons to play the game:
	- **Arrow up:** To make the player jump and press twice for double jump.
	- **Arrow left:** To move the player at the left direction.
	- **Arrow right:** To move the player at the right direction
- **Mechanic 2**: ...

---

## 6. Visual Style
Pixel art with cute looking character skins and fruits. 

---

## 7. Level Design
The difficulty of the level will get tough incrementally.
- **Level 1**: ...
- **Level 2**: ...

---

## 8. Sound and Music
*What kind of sound effects and music will you use?*  
**Example**: “Cheerful background music and sound effects for flapping and collecting stars.”  

---

## 9. Assets and Resources
- **Asset Pack**: Pixel Adventure
- **Author**: [Pixel Frog on itch.io](https://itch.io/profile/pixelfrog-assets)

---

## 10. Technologies Used
- **Game Engine**: [Godot](https://godotengine.org/)
- **Programming Language**: GDScript  
- **Sound Editing**: Audacity (for sound effects and music)

---

## 11. Development Timeline
- **Week 1 [Sep 29, 2024 – Oct 05, 2024]**:
	- This week I'll try to break down this entire project into reusable scenes and nodes. I'll focus on minimum stuff without increasing unnecessary complexity in the beginning of this project.
	- **[Sep 30, 2024]:** I have created a skin manager node which will manage all the player's skin and animations and a basic player node.
	- **[Oct 01, 2024]:** I had worked on fruit collectables and added a functionality that will generate random skin for the player every time the user restarts the game.
	- **[Oct 02, 2024]:** I worked on a simple 2D particle system for boxes and some collision related stuff.
	- **[Oct 03, 2024] - [Oct 05, 2024]:** I had spent a lot of time trying to drop several random fruits once the box gets destroyed unfortunately, I had no luck. So, I had decided to make that in future.
- **Week 2**: ...

---

## 12. Goals and Features
*Define what you want to achieve with this game.*  
- **Goal 1**: Create a fun gameplay experience.  
- **Goal 2**: Implement a scoring system for collecting stars.  

---

## 13. Future Improvements
*List potential features or improvements for future updates or projects.*  
**Example**: “Add more levels, introduce power-ups, or create a multiplayer mode.”
